20.0.0
	Date: 20/07/2019
	What's new
		1. (medium) merge build forder inside the core to be more easy to make integration of the solution
		2. (minor) build: deletion of the cleanup script, not really useful (use build.sh instead)
		3. (minor) activate Access-Control-Allow-Origin on reverse proxy
		4. (major) no more mysql database usage, replaced by sqlite3
		5. (minor) remove ifconfig command usage
		6. (major) no more all adapters and libraries plugins embedded by defaut (performance improvement)
		7. (major) new adapters and libraries packages version
		8. (major) new method of user identification in rest api, only for reverse proxy mode usage
		9. (medium) no more checking if the web server is available before to start the core server
		10. (medium) update on tree files in server side to support docker mode
		11. (major) new method to authenticate user and prepare to support next auth type
		12. (medium) no more embedded third party tools plugins by default
		13. (medum) Rest API: support CORS security
		14. (major) clients/agents deployment from server removed
		15. (minor) automatic default folders created in Var
		16. (major) automatic backup of tests and adapters removed, prefer to use git/svn to do that
		17. (major) remove sut adapters/libraries versionning, prefer to use git/svn to do that
		18. (minor) new functions on startup script
		19. (major) automatic installation of the product no more provided
		20. (major) no more plugins embedded by default
		21. (major) new command to install plugins 
		22. (major) New majors tests snippets
		23. (major) Threading activated on rest api
		24. (major) Probes features removed from the product, prefer to use agent
		25. (medium) New default users on database
		26. (major) Somes features removed (snapshot, test statistics)
		27. (medium) outputs feature in test file removed
		28. (major) merge between adapters and libraries
		29. (major) test framework: reduce cpu on received function in adapter
		30. (minor) continue python3 support and windows platform
		31. (major) new docker image available!!
	Issues Fixed
		1. (minor) python library psycopg2_binary updated to removed error in logs
		2. (medium) fix missing catch exception when global variable is missing
		3. (medium) installation: pip command not found on system (issue #20)
		4. (minor) installation: disable gpg key checking for yum installation
		5. (medium) fix issue #22 - unable to build test designs in version 19
		6. (major) fix issue #21 - error executing test plan with REST interface
		7. (minor) prevent sql injection in rest api (projects, variables and users parts)
		8. (medium) rest api: return project granted in users listing method 
		9. (major) rest api: fix error to add user from rest api, bad level
		10 (medium) fix issue on testsuite: unable to get data from cache on test init