
17.1.0
	Date: 22/10/2017
	What's new
		1. (medium) New script to generate api key for user
		2. (medium) Rest API: return None instead of undefined when the test result is not yet available
		3. (major) Build: new nodejs v6.11 embedded by default
		4. (medium) New email interop library
		5. (medium) Build: new sut adapters 11.1.0
		6. (major) Build: executable client, toolboxes and plugins are no more embedded by default, can be always added manually
		7. (medium) Build: new client 12.1.0
		8. (medium) Task Manager: new function to send test report in attachment
		9. (minor) Web server: display download links only if additionals packages exists in server
		10. (minor) Web server: alphabetical ordered for all users and projects list
		11. (minor) Build: some improvements in default snippets (run_cmd,...)
		12. (major) Test Library: new feature to save cache data in memory instead of a file
		13. (minor) Test Library: new function to get previous step from a testcase
		14. (medium) Cli: new state to indicate when the server is booting or not
		15. (minor) Rest API: /results/status updated to return the progress of the execution in percent
		16. (minor) Test Library: add wait message in the basic report
		17. (major) Rest API: no more return test report in base64
		18. (medium) Test Library: new json test properties 
		19. (major) New function to terminate or interrupt a test or a testcase
	Issues Fixed
		1. (minor) Test Model: fix bad generic adapters/libraries version in loading modules event
		2. (minor) Repo Archives: no more log an error when the test result is not found in repository
		3. (minor) Task Manager: fix issue to enable to receive basic report by email
		4. (medium) Test Library/TestModel: bad test executed on fail condition, only for testplan/testglobal
		5. (minor) Test Library: wrong reference name for TestOperatorsLib in line 4456 - Issue #3
		6. (minor) Test Library: Condition and Label methods of TestCase class missing in help - Issue #4
		7. (minor) Test Library: fix error in test logger xml, bad variable name
