
19.0.0
	Date: 05/08/2018
	What's new
		1. (major) update helper to support extra and generic packages
		2. (minor) merge contribution of the pull request "ET Mac Client #5"
		3. (minor) regexp added in settings file for custom parameter, update to support pull request #7
		4. (minor) test abstract: new grid in background, can be disabled from toolbar
		5. (minor) small change in about page, list of contributors added
		6. (major) all tests file are save in xml, no more zlib compression (backward compatibility)
		7. (medium) built with python to 3.6.5 and pyqt to 5.10.1
		8. (minor) new icon folder for remote repositories
		9. (medium) test abstract: update to support extra and generic adapters/libraries
		10. (minor) default template for adapter and library updated
		11. (minor) new feature to add security banner on login popup
		12. (medium) update adapters/Libs version for multiple entities (pull request #18)
		13. (medium) integration of the find test usage feature (pull request #18)
		14. (major) new product name with extensive automation
		15. (minor) new maximaze button on json/text dialog in test properties
		16. (minor) small improvement in json parameter, pretty json button and code folding
		17. (major) new advanced parameter in test properties
		18. (major) new column cache in test inputs/outputs properties 
		19. (medium) test properties: no more display value in the table for text, custom and json parameters
		20. (minor) small graphical change in test tabulation part in test properties
		21. (major) new cache preview in test properties
		22. (medium) test properties - outputs parameters disabled by default, can be reactivated from settings
		23. (medium) test properties - dialog to add parameter in test has been removed
		24. (major) test properties - parameter type marked as deprecated (str, pwd, list, int)
		25. (major) test properties - update to support new name in parameter type (shared to global)
	Issues Fixed
		1. (medium) fix regression: unable to zoom in/out in test editor
		2. (medium) automation assistant: unable to generate testsuite with sikulix/selenium in the same test issue #9
		3. (minor) fix startup of the main app to initialize the style as soon as possible
		4. (medium) fix regression, filename not updated in workspace after a rename of a file from the repository
		5. (minor) fix regression, unable to drag and drop test description in a testunit or suite