
19.0.0
	Date: 05/08/2018
	What's new
		1. (major) test model - change the way to access to the adapters and libraries
		2. (major) new major of generic sut adapters and libraries
		3. (medium) support generic adapters or libraries on build online documentations
		4. (medium) code update to support python3.5 on core, test library, sut libraries and adapters
		5. (minor) no more add sql queries in debug mode in logs, VERBOSE mode can be activated
		6. (minor) python traceback added on documentation generation for adapters and libraries
		7. (minor) repository manager updated to ignore __pycache__ folders present in python3
		8. (medium) test model: access data from any level for custom parameter (pull request #7)
		9. (medium) check syntax: parent testname added in error message, useful for test global
		10. (major) test files model updated to support xml format as default, no more zlib (backward compatibility)
		11. (minor) rest api: code cleanup to be more respectful of python language and code factory
		12. (medium) rest api: update location and rename/move test path in test plan/global (pull request #8)
		13. (minor) new python ansible library embedded by default
		14. (minor) PyYAML library installed by default, to support the new ansible adapter
		15. (major) embedded python libraries updated and drop support of python 2.6
		16. (minor) new chef interop module
		17. (minor) small improvments in cron scripts
		18. (minor) web: new feature to add security banner on the login page of the web interface
		19. (minor) rest api: some update in the swagger api documentation
		20. (medium) rest api: improvment in administration user part
		21. (medium) web server: update to use the rest api on user part
		22. (minor) ignore __pycache__ during build of adapters and libraries packages
		23. (major) new cache memory for users and relations, optimization to reduce the number of queries in db
		24. (major) new cache memory for projects, optimization to reduce the number of queries in db
		25. (minor) rest api: update parameters on search variable by name or id
		26. (minor) web server: pretty json print called automatically on test variable load
		27. (major) web server: update to use the rest api on test variables part
		28. (major) new cache memory for test variables, sql queries decreased
		29. (minor) code splitted in testmodel file to be more readable
		30. (medium) rest api: update adapters/Libs version for multiple entities (pull request #18)
		31. (major) new code source files tree organization, to be more clear
		32. (medium) rest api: integration of the find test usage feature (pull request #18)
		33. (medium) test interop: extensivetesting plugin renamed to extensiveautomation
		34. (major) product renamed to extensive automation
		35. (minor) new basic scenarios in snippets part
		36. (medium) test library: new custom json test properties
		37. (major) all file models updated to support the new "scope" attribute in test parameters
		38. (major) test library: new feature to save in the cache all parameters with the scope equals to cache
		39. (medium) build: new curl package embedded by default
		40. (minor) nodejs v6 removed from package
		41. (minor) code factory in adapters; new functions to check agent and timeout for adapter in test library
		42. (major) test library: shared test parameter renamed to global
		43. (major) test library/test model: important improvement of the custom json parameter
		44. (medium) docker support (pull request #19)
		45. (major) new client 19.0.0
		46. (major) new toolbox 14.0.0
		47. (major) client no more embbeded by default in the server
	Issues Fixed
		1. (minor) fix typo error in logs messages
		2. (medium) fix regression, unable to generate test design with test global only
		3. (minor) test interop vsphere: error during clone virtual machine issue #11
		4. (medium) check syntax in testplan/testglobal: fix regression test name missing in error messages
		5. (medium) fix regression: unable to check syntax of a test global
		6. (minor) password update from web server, fix PHP Warning expects string parameter, object given
		7. (medium) rest api: fix update password ressource, missing sha1 procedure
		8. (medium) web server: unable to display test report in test results part
		9. (minor) test executor: fix issue #13 - getSize function missing on template message
		10. (medium) test library: fix encoding in test operators
		11. (minor) test creator: fix issue on capture regex
		12. (minor) fix copyright in test report